hello I'm a Mac and i'm a pc you know we
use a lot of the same kinds of programs
like microsoft office but we retain a
lot what makes us you should see what
this guy can do the spreadsheet it's
insane oh yeah he knows that i'm better
at life stuff like music pictures movies
stuff like that whoa what what what
exactly do you mean by better by better
I mean making website or photo book is
easy for me and for you it's not oh oh
that kind of better yeah I was thinking
the other kind what other kind hello I'm
a Mac I'm a PC ready to get started well
not quite got a lot to do what's your
big plan I might make a home movie or
maybe create a website try my built-in
camera I do it all right on the box so
what about you well firstly got to
download those new drivers and I got to
erase the trial software that came on my
hard drive suite and I've got a lot of
manuals to read you know it sounds like
you have a lot of stuff to do before you
do any stuff so I'm just gonna get
started cuz I'm kind of excited let me
know when you're ready actually the rest
means in some other boxes so I'll meet
up with you later hello I'm a Mac and
i'm a pc we've got a little network
going here and it was very easy to set
up we speak each other's language we
shower internet connection all sorts of
things we do together whoo now who's
this now what's oh this is that new
digital camera from japan just came out
how'd you much this isn't a master your
school onegai shima you speak her
language oh yeah absolutely it really
just kind of works with a mac uh uh I
got 20 minute you're a dancer so that
good poker night hmm bonjourno hello
hello I'm a Mac and i'm a pc and i'm a
pc too and I what yeah see now you can
run mac OS 10 or windows on a mac so in
a way I'm kind of like the only computer
you'll ever need Wow Touche uh-huh no I
don't think you're using that right
Touche no listen see you don't say
touche few make a point that I make a
counterpoint you see so I said I run
Windows but you haven't made a point yet
let's try it again you can get a mac and
still run all your windows stuff Touche
never mind hello I'm a Mac and I am no
one okay pc will you listen friend it's
not very safe for me right now you
understand there's a lot of spyware out
there it sneaks into your system follows
you wherever you may go take these early
they'll keep you safe pc i don't need
them really i'm good i run mac OS 10 so
i don't even worry about your spyware
and viruses you take them yeah you're
right i probably should have a backup
anyway yeah you never saw me never soho
me pc oh hello I'm a Mac and i'm a pc
not sure what food bathrooms in tight
you okay no I'm not okay I have that
virus that's going around oh thank you
like you better stay back in this one's
a doozy that's okay I'll be fine no no
do not be a hero last you there 114,000
known viruses for feces he sees not max
so describe this me I think I got a
crash hey if you feel like that'll help
good